Clean up FAQs sections and add new Get Started FAQs (#219)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/partials/_troubleshooting-building-partial.md

### How does gas work on Arbitrum? {#how-does-gas-work-on-arbitrum}
<p>Fees on Arbitrum chains are collected on L2 in the chains' native currency (ETH on both Arbitrum One and Nova).</p>

<p>A transaction fee is comprised of both an L1 and an L2 component:</p>

> <p>The L1 component is meant to compensate the Sequencer for the cost of posting transactions on L1 (but no more). (See <a href="https://developer.arbitrum.io/arbos/l1-pricing">L1 Pricing</a>.)</p>

Reviewer: Couldn't be clearer, this is fantastic @TucksonDev

<p>Calling an Arbitrum node's <code>eth_estimateGas</code> RPC returns a value sufficient to cover both the L1 and L2 components of the fee for the current gas price; this is the value that, e.g., will appear in users' wallets in the "gas limit" field.</p>

<p>Thus, if the L1 calldata price changes over time, it will appear (in e.g., a wallet) that a transaction's gas limit is changing. In fact, the L2 gas limit isn't changing, merely the total gas required to cover the transaction's L1 + L2 fees.</p>

<p>See <a href="https://medium.com/offchainlabs/understanding-arbitrum-2-dimensional-fees-fd1d582596c9">2-D fees</a> and <a href="https://developer.arbitrum.io/devs-how-tos/how-to-estimate-gas">How to estimate gas in Arbitrum</a> for more.</p>

<p></p>

<p><strong>References</strong></p>

<p><a href="https://medium.com/offchainlabs/understanding-arbitrum-2-dimensional-fees-fd1d582596c9">https://medium.com/offchainlabs/understanding-arbitrum-2-dimensional-fees-fd1d582596c9</a></p>

<p></p>

### Why am I getting error "429 Too Many Requests" when using one of Offchain Labs' Public RPCs? {#why-am-i-getting-error-429-too-many-requests-when-using-one-of-offchain-labs-public-rpcs}

> <p>Offchain Labs offers public RPCs for free, but limits requests to prevent DOSing. Hitting the rate limit could come from your request frequency and/or the resources required to process the requests. If you hitting our rate limit, we recommend <a href="https://developer.arbitrum.io/node-running/running-a-node">running your own node</a> or <a href="https://developer.arbitrum.io/node-running/node-providers">using a third party node provider</a>.</p>

Reviewer 2: "If you hitting"  -> "if you are hitting"

<p></p>

### How do block.timestamp and block.number work on Arbitrum? {#how-do-blocktimestamp-and-blocknumber-work-on-arbitrum}

> <p>Solidity calls to <code>block.number</code> and <code>block.timestamp</code> on Arbitrum will return the block number/ timestamp of the under lying L1 on a slight delay; i.e., updated every few minutes. Note that L2 block numbers (i.e., as seen in block explorers / returned by RPCs) are different, and are typically updated roughly every second.</p>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<p>Solidity calls to <code>block.number</code> and <code>block.timestamp</code> on Arbitrum will return the block number/ timestamp of the underlying L1 on a slight delay; i.e., updated every few minutes. Note that L2 block numbers (i.e., as seen in block explorers / returned by RPCs) are different, and are typically updated roughly every second.</p>
```

<p>For more info, see <a href="https://developer.arbitrum.io/time">block numbers and time</a>.</p>

<p></p>

### Do I need to download any special npm libraries in order to use web3.js or ethers-js on Arbitrum?  {#do-i-need-to-download-any-special-npm-libraries-in-order-to-use-web3js-or-ethersjs-on-arbitrum-}
<p>Nope; web3.js and ethers.js will work out of the box just like they do on L1 Ethereum.<br />
<br />

> Once upon a time, Arbitrum developers were required to download supplemental packages with names like "arb-provider-ethers" and "arb-ethers-web3-bridge", but these packages are deprecated and no longer required! Any guide that directs devs to use them should be considered out-dated.</p>

Reviewer 2: out-dated -> outdated
